Added netmap and state update requirements (#193)
leaningtech/labs: sites/cheerpx/src/content/docs/11-guides/Networking.md

What is happening here?

- [authKey]: A string containing an authentication key for registering pre-authenticated users or devices. You can generate one [here](https://login.tailscale.com/admin/settings/keys).

> - [controlUrl]: The Tailscale control plane URL for identity verification. This is only needed if you are [self-hosting Tailscale](/docs/guides/Networking#self-hosting-headscale).

Reviewer: This is not accurate. The control plain also coordinates access to the network, it's not just for authentication. Reword this to be something along the lines of: "When [self-hosting Headscale] you need to provide the control plain URL of your Headscale server. By default the main Tailscale control plane is used

- [stateUpdateCb]: A required callback function that monitors and reports changes in network status.

> - [netmapUpdateCb]: A callback function that provides updates on the network map, enabling access to network mapping information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [netmapUpdateCb]: A required callback function that provides updates on the network map, enabling access to the list of devices for the network.
```

```

```js

> const loginElem = document.getElementById("loginLink");

Reviewer: This change is not intended I think
